BCAT GUI README 

Created: October 2017
Readme updated: February 21, 2018
Creator: Amanda Dewyer
         Zimmerman Lab - University of Michigan, Ann Arbor

The gui uses openbabel-2.3.1 to convert a chemdraw .cdxml file into a 3d structure
open babel converts the file and installs H atoms that are not explicitly draw in the cdxml file

The .cdxml file should contain the ligands of interest with the "reactive" atoms
labeled by highlighting them in blue on the chem draw. Any atoms that are charged and
deprotonted should be labeled with a charged symbol within the chemdraw.

In addition to this the .cdxml file needs a text box with lists the charge of each ligand.

Ex:

Charges
L1= 0
L2= -1
L3= 2
End

The gui performs the following procedure
1.  converts cdxml file into xyz file labeled as ligands.xyz
2.  counts number of ligands inside the cdxml file
3.  assigns a charge to each ligand based on the charges listed
    in the text box included in the cdxml file
4.  identifies the number of atoms in each ligand
5.  identifies which atoms in the ligands.xyz file are considered "reactive"
    - identifies which atoms are highlighted in blue on the .cdxml file
6.  creates files.txt - which is a list of files to be copied into new bcat directories
7.  creates ligand directories (1 bcat directory for each ligand in the .cdxml file)
8.  creates the ADD files for each ligand by reading in the labeled atoms and
    then identifying which ligand they belong to.
9.  creates the CHARGE1 file for the ligand charge by reading in the listed charges
10. creates ligand.xyz files by breaking ligands.xyz into the individual molecules
11. copies all neccessary files to their respective directories. 

gui_ouput.log contains output from running convert_cdxml_xyz
information includes the following
1. number of molecules in cdxml file
2. charges for each ligand
3. what lines of the cdxml file pertain to molecules, atoms, and labeled atoms
4. what molecule each atom belongs to as well as whether or not an atom is "reactive"/labeled
5. charges, atoms in each molecule, labeled atoms (referenced to ligands.xyz)
